Fix broken anchor links (#35214)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/csspositiontrydescriptors/index.md

_Inherits properties from its ancestor {{domxref("CSSStyleDeclaration")}}._

> The `CSSPositionTryDescriptors` interface defines properties that represent the [CSS properties that can be set inside a `@position-try` at rule](/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/@position-try#descriptors).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `CSSPositionTryDescriptors` interface defines properties that represent the CSS properties that can be set inside a {{cssxref("@position-try")}} at-rule.
```
